Welcome back.
Were you able to solve this.
Let's give it a go.
If I wanted to create a generic multiplied by function I'm going to do a function that accepts number
one a number and inside of this function it's going to return a another function that is going to have
number two as a parameter.
And that's simply going to return num 1 times num 2.
And with this in place I can do multiply by 2 and I can assign this to a another variable let's say
multiply by two to equal multiply by two.
And now I have this functionality and this function that I can keep reusing where I can multiply by
2 4 I can multiply by two let's say 10 and I had that functionality over and over with this higher order
function.
What is the higher order function here.
Well the multiply by is a higher order function because it returns another function and I can also extend
this right.
I can create something new where I can do multiply by let's say 5.
And if I do multiply by five here I can now extend multiply by five let's say multiply six by five we
get 30.
Awesome.
Now we can also write this in a cleaner way with Arrow functions and it looks something like this arrow.
Function followed by another arrow function and we can even one line this.
So we go like this to just a single line of code like that.
And if I run this it still works and I like using arrow functions because visually it makes sense.
Right.
All it's saying is give me a parameter.
Then another parameter.
So if I just do multiply by number one which should be four and then add another bracket multiply by
six six times four will be twenty four.
And that's all these brackets are showing.
You don't get confused by all these arrows.
It's a higher order function but each bracket shows you how to call the function so that we can do something
like this now.
Higher order functions.
I hope you start to see the power of them because we're gonna be using them a lot throughout the rest
of the course.
Now we learned how to go from a simple function to function with parameters.
And then finally we went super sand to higher order functions and the main benefit was the idea of making
code more general keeping our code dry and not repeating ourself and just breaking things down into
small functionalities.
Now some people might argue that high order functions doesn't necessarily simplify our code.
It makes it look more complex and complicated.
And that's a subject up for debate.
But with this newfound knowledge I think we're ready to get tuned to our first pillars closures.
I'll see in the next one by.